MoveNet is an ultra fast and accurate model that detects 17 keypoints of a body. The model is offered on TF Hub with two variants, known as Lightning and Thunder. Lightning is intended for latency-critical applications, while Thunder is intended for applications that require high accuracy. Both models run faster than real time (30+ FPS) on most modern desktops, laptops, and phones, which proves crucial for live fitness, health, and wellness applications.




The accurate estimation of a 3D human pose is of great importance in many fields, such as human–computer interaction, motion recognition and automatic driving. In view of the difficulty of obtaining 3D ground truth labels for a dataset of 3D pose estimation techniques, we take 2D images as the research object in this paper, and propose a self-supervised 3D pose estimation model called Pose ResNet. ResNet50 is used as the basic network for extract features. First, a convolutional block attention module (CBAM) was introduced to refine selection of significant pixels. Then, a waterfall atrous spatial pooling (WASP) module is used to capture multi-scale contextual information from the extracted features to increase the receptive field. Finally, the features are input into a deconvolution network to acquire the volume heat map, which is later processed by a soft argmax function to obtain the coordinates of the joints. In addition to the two learning strategies of transfer learning and synthetic occlusion, a self-supervised training method is also used in this model, in which the 3D labels are constructed by the epipolar geometry transformation to supervise the training of the network. Without the need for 3D ground truths for the dataset, accurate estimation of the 3D human pose can be realized from a single 2D image. The results show that the mean per joint position error (MPJPE) is 74.6 mm without the need for 3D ground truth labels. Compared with other approaches, the proposed method achieves better results.



A network model called Pose ResNet is designed for 3D human pose estimation. This model is based on ResNet50 and WASP, and a CBAM attention mechanism is introduced to increase the receptive field and select the important pixels in a fine-grained way.
(2)
This model uses the strategies of transfer learning and data enhancement for training, which not only improve the accuracy of joint detection but also enhance the generalization performance of the model. Transfer learning involves a transfer from 2D to 3D data, while data enhancement refers to the synthetic occlusion of images in the 3D dataset.
(3)
A set of 3D labels constructed through an epipolar geometric transformation between multiple views are used to train this model. Without the need for 3D ground truth labels, this model realizes true self-supervised training.

##image


